Dusky Stardust
Class: Bard Wordsmith
Heritage: Faerie
Community: Slyborne

STARTING EVASION: 10
STARTING HIT POINTS: 5
PROFICIENCY: 1

AGILITY: 0 (Sprint, Leap, Maneuver)
STRENGTH: -1 (Lift, Smash, Grapple)
FINESSE: +2 (Control, Hide, Tinker)
INSTINCT: +1 (Perceive, Sense, Navigate)
PRESENCE: +3 (Charm, Perform, Deceive)
KNOWLEDGE: 0 (Recall, Analyze, Comprehend)

EXPERIENCES:
2 Friend to All
2 Fake It Till You Make It
2 Beyond Ones Notice

Luckbender: Once per session, after you or a willing ally within Close range makes an action roll, you can spend 3 Hope
to reroll the Duality Dice.

Wings: You can fly. While flying, you can mark a Stress after an adversary makes an attack against you to gain a +2 bonus
to your Evasion against that attack.

Scoundrel: You have advantage on rolls to negotiate with criminals, detect lies, or find a safe place to hide.

Make a Scene: Spend 3 Hope to temporarily Distract a target within Close range, giving them a -2 penalty to their Difficulty.

Rally: Once per session, describe how you rally the party and give yourself and each of your allies a Rally Die. At level 1,
your Rally Die is a d6. A PC can spend their Rally Die to roll it, adding the result to their action roll, reaction roll,
damage roll, or to clear a number of Stress equal to the result. At the end of each session, clear all unspent Rally Dice.
At level 5, your Rally Die increases to a d8.

Rousing Speech: Once per long rest, you can give a heartfelt, inspiring speech. All allies within Far range clear 2 Stress.

Heart of a Poet: After you make an action roll to impress, persuade, or offend someone, you can spend a Hope to add a d4
to the roll.


DEFT DECEIVER
Level 1 Grace Ability
Recall Cost: 0
Spend a Hope to gain advantage on a roll to deceive or trick someone into believing a lie you tell them.


BOOK OF TYFAR
Level 1 Codex Grimoire
Recall Cost: 2

Wild Flame: Make a Spellcast Roll against up to three adversaries within Melee range. Targets you succeed against take
2d6 magic damage and must mark a Stress as flames erupt from your hand.

Magic Hand: You conjure a magical hand with the same size and strength as your own within Far range.

Mysterious Mist: Make a Spellcast Roll (13) to cast a temporary thick fog that gathers in a stationary area within
Very Close range. The fog heavily obscures this area and everything in it.


BOOK OF SITIL
Level 2 Codex Grimoire
Recall Cost: 2

Adjust Appearance: You magically shift your appearance and clothing to avoid recognition.

Parallela: Spend 2 Hope to cast this spell on yourself or an ally within Close range. The next time the target makes an
attack, they can hit an additional target within range that their attack roll would succeed against. You can only hold
this spell on one creature at a time.

Illusion: Make a Spellcast Roll (14). On a success, create a temporary visual illusion no larger than you within Close
range that lasts for as long as you look at it. It holds up to scrutiny until an observer is within Melee range.


WEAPONS & ARMOR
Rapier         Presence Far   d8 phy One-Handed Quick: 1 stress -> +1
Small Dagger   Finesse  Melee d4 phy One-Handed Paired: +2 melee damage
Gambeson Armor          6+1/12+1 3              Flexible: +1 to Evasion

ITEMS
A romance novel
Potion of Endurance
Potion of Health
Golden Dragon Amulet

STRESS: 1
HOPE: 3

Rafon
Shark Al Guul
Quiran Wintersong
Purple Cultist - main
Black Robe - not main
Rob the Red (Dwarf)
Jemna Gleemsilver (Gnome)
Mercenary Camp
Town where hired, tavern
Argus, the Prophet in Baldurs Gate
Frullam Mondrath, Female Cultist (Half-Elf)
Landragossa Signwrath, Blue (Dragonborn)
